1.
Look at this shopping list. Christmas is only a few weeks away.
You certainly have a lot of presents to buy.
I’d better go shopping today. If I wait until the last minute, I won’t find anything.
Why do have such a long list this year?
Last year your shopping list was a lot shorter.
My daughter married a divorced man. 
He has six children from a previous marriage.
2.
I wouldn’t buy presents for all those children.
I have to buy presents. I’m their only grandmother. 
Do you know what the children want for Christmas?
I wrote a few things down in my notebook. 
A dress, a dictionary, a wallet, a backpack. 
These things could be expensive.
And you? Have you done your shopping yet?
3.
I’ve decided I’m going to buy practical presents for my children and grandchildren.
Practical presents? 
Things they can use at school, at home, and at work.
Your shopping list is as long as mine. 
I’m accustomed to buying a lot of presents at Christmas.
Could you give an example of a practical present?
4.
My nephew wants a new shirt. 
But, I’m going to get him a bicycle helmet instead.
What do you suggest I buy my grandson? He wants a toy train.
Buy him a pen and pencil set instead. 
Of course, those things are practical. He will use them at school.
I’m buying sheets and pillowcases for my daughter and her husband.
They’re a lot cheaper than a new set of silverware. 
5.
Practical gifts are the cheapest presents you can buy.
Maybe we could pick up a bargain at a garage sale.
Don’t buy Christmas presents at a garage sale. 
You’re right. I’ve never found anything at a garage sale I’ve really liked. 
I think you should buy your granddaughter an umbrella and a raincoat.
That’s a good example of a useful present. 
6.
I haven’t gone Christmas shopping yet. 
Why not? Do you realize that Christmas is only three weeks away?
I’m trying to think of practical gifts.
Do the children wash their hair and brush their teeth? 
Have you heard of any one who doesn’t?
You should buy them toothpaste, shampoo, and conditioner. 
7.
I need to buy some pillowcases and curtains. Do you have those items?
No. we don’t. You can find them in Household Furnishings on the Sixth Floor.
Could you tell me where I can buy CDs?
We don’t sell CDs. You’ll find them in Tower Records.
Is Tower Records near here?
Tower Records is right across the parking lot.
8.
Christmas is only a week away. Haven’t you finished your shopping yet?
Not yet, but I’ve completed about half of my list.
I think your daughter will like the curtains. Your grandson will enjoy the CDs.
I’m having trouble finding a raincoat for my son in law.
A raincoat? That shouldn’t be difficult to find. Did you check the Men’s Department?
Yes, I did. The problem is my son in law is very short. 
9.
Excuse me, I’m looking for a raincoat for a short man.
Here are several short raincoats. This one is nice. 
These are nice raincoats, but don’t you have any shorter ones?
No, I’m afraid not. These are shortest ones we have.
Do you want to try the Children’s Department?
Certainly not. My son in law is a grown up man. 
I’m sorry we couldn’t help you. 
Please come again when your son is a little taller.
10.
I couldn’t find a raincoat for my son-in-law.
And I don’t want to buy him an umbrella.
What’s wrong with this raincoat? It’s on sale.
It’s too long. It would drag on ground if he wore it.
I suggest you get him a Macy’s gift card. 
Then, he can buy his own clothes.
A Macy’s gift card? How much would it cost?
You can get a gift card for any amount you want. 