1.
We are happy to have Elizabeth Taylor here today.
I’m very happy to be on your program, John.
Tell me, Elizabeth, where and when were you born?
I was born on February 27, l932, in London, England.
How old were you in your first movie?
I was nine years old in the movie, “There’s One Born Every Minute.”
2.
You have acted with some famous performers.
Yes, I was in two movies with Lassie, the dog.
But your first big success was in “National Velvet.”
It was a horse movie. I won a horse race in it. I’ve always loved horses.
You weren’t just a child actress. You became a famous adult film star.
That’s right. I wanted to be a serious actress like my mother.
3.
Many child actors don’t go on to be in movies as adults.
No, sometimes an actor can only get roles if she is young and cute.
You earned an Academy Award twice, didn’t you?
Yes, I did. The first time I won I was surprised. I didn’t like the movie I was in.
And the second time?
I played an unhappy wife of a professor. It was a good role.
4.
May I ask you a couple of personal questions?
That depends on the questions, of course.
Have you ever been really in love?
Oh, what a question! Yes, of course, several times.
Exactly how many husbands have you had?
I’ve had eight, including my present husband.
5.
Probably your most famous husband was the actor Richard Burton, am I right?
Yes. I met Richard when were playing in the movie “Cleopatra.”
Then, you and he were very often in the newspapers and magazines.
Like many famous people, we were always chased by reporters. We didn’t have much privacy.
It can be very difficult to avoid photographers.
Although I tried to be nice, I was often angry at them.
6.
You’re 68 years old now. How do you feel?
I’ve had several health problems, but now I’m okay.
You have done a lot of work for AIDS, haven’t you?
Yes, I have. It’s a terrible epidemic. And we need to find a cure for it.
Do you still act in movies?
I haven’t been in a movie for a while, but I sometimes appear on TV shows.
7.
Another of your famous husbands was Eddie Fisher.
Yes. Eddie and I were married for three years.
Did you and Eddie have any children?
Yes, we did. We had a daughter, Carrie. She became an actress also.
I remember seeing her in “Star Wars.” She was wonderful.
Yes, she was. I have several children and also grandchildren.
8.
Your life hasn’t been free of problems, has it?
No, John. For several years, I had a drinking problem.
But, you successfully overcame that problem.
Yes, I did. I used to drink a lot with my husband, Richard.
He never got over his drinking problem, did he?
No, he didn’t. In fact, he died of alcoholism.
9.
When you have a strong addiction, you can’t cure yourself. You need to get help.
So, you found help and now you’re better.
That’s right. I need all my energy for the things that are important to me.
For example, your fund raising for AIDS research.
That’s right. And also, my children and grandchildren.
You’ve certainly led a rich and exciting life.
10.
Tell me, Elizabeth, what is your secret for remaining so beautiful?
Well, John, thank you for the compliment. I think beauty is inside a person.
Really? That’s an interesting idea.
Yes. If you are kind to people and if you have a good heart, it is easy to be beautiful.
Elizabeth Taylor, it has been a great pleasure to have you on my program.
I enjoyed talking to you and your audience, John