1.
How long have you been living in San Francisco?
For only six months. I like it. It’s a nice city.
It’s a lot colder and wetter than your country, isn’t it?
I don’t mind living in a colder climate.
There’s a lot of traffic on the freeways and streets.
Yes, but, if you avoid driving downtown, the traffic doesn’t bother you.
2.
Were any relatives of yours living here when you arrived?
Yes, my brother had been living here for about six years.
Was he able to show you around a little?
Yes, he helped me a lot because I had never shopped in an American supermarket before.
Had you ever eaten American food before coming here?
No, I hadn’t. Since coming here, I’ve had a couple of hamburgers, but they’re nothing to write home about.
3.
What are you planning do over the next six months?
Of course, I would like to learn more English.
Do you plan to take some courses at City College?
Yes, now that I’m settled and have an afternoon job, I’d like to take some courses in the morning.
Houses are very expensive here. Are you thinking of buying a house eventually?
That’s way in the future. I have to be able to make a living first.
4.
Where were you living before you came to the US?
I lived in El Salvador for most of my life.
What do you remember most about El Salvador?
I remember the beautiful beaches, the green tropical trees, and the delicious food.
Do you have any plans to visit your country soon?
Yes, as a matter of fact, I’m thinking of going there in August, before Fall Semester.
5.
How did you spend your first day in San Francisco?
We got in my brother’s car and took a tour of the city.
Did you see Golden Gate Park and Civic Center?
Yes, we did. Then, we went for a drive over the bridge and visited Sausalito.
Did you have any trouble finding your way around?
Not really. My brother is very familiar with the Bay Area, and he showed me everything.
6.
Do you miss your family in Mexico?
Yes, I do. I haven’t seen them in about two years.
Do you talk with them on the phone?
Yes. I’ve been calling them about once a week since I got here.
What kind of work does your father do?
He drives a tractor. He’s been driving tractors since he was 25 years old.
7.
Tell me about your life in San Francisco.
I like my current job better than the one I had before.
What kind of job did you have when you first came to this country?
I worked as a cook’s helper. I had to get up at 4:00 am every day.
Since you left that job, what have you been doing?
I’ve been working as a mechanic for a good service station.
8.
What impressed you your first day here?
I was amazed to see the large buildings. I had never seen such large buildings before.
Yes, the buildings are large. Especially downtown.
I was frightened of the freeway. I had never seen a freeway before.
That’s right. The cars go very fast on it.
I was confused to see people without homes. I had never seen so many homeless people before.
9.
What country is Sylvia from?
Nicaragua. She’s been here for one year.
Does she have a job or is she looking?
She has a job as a housekeeper. She’s had that job for about four months.
What does she do when she finishes work?
She eats dinner quickly then goes to school. She’s on a very tight schedule.