1.
Why did you come to The United States?
I came here in order to get a good education.
What classes are you taking at Mission Campus?
I’m in the G.E.D. program and I’ve almost completed it. I’ll be taking the test next Friday.
I’m also interested in the G.E.D. program. I haven’t enrolled in it yet, but I want to.
They prepare you for the examination. If you pass it, you receive a high school diploma.
2.
What would you like to do when you finish G.E.D.?
I want enroll in City College for two years and get an AA degree.
Will you be continuing your education beyond the AA? 
Yes. I’m hoping to attend UC Berkeley for my Junior and Senior years.
Will you eventually return to your country or will you make this your home?
That depends on a lot of factors. I really haven’t decided yet.
3.
If you visit Yellow Mountain, you won’t be interested in visiting another mountain.
In China, that’s what you often hear people say.
It is the most beautiful mountain in China. My husband and I went there when we retired.
Why are the pine trees called “iron pines?”
The roots grow deeply into the rocks. Therefore, the trees can withstand strong winds.
What was the hardest part of your journey?
Climbing 700 stairs to reach the top. When we got there, I felt ecstatic.
4.
China means “Middle Country” in Chinese. Why is it called this name?
Because the Chinese thought their country was the only one that had four seasons.
That’s right. They thought that the East was the season of spring only.
And the West was the season of autumn. The North was winter, and the South was summer.
Only China had all four. So, China must be in the middle.
5.
My home town is the capital of Iran which is Tehran.
Iran is a country very rich in natural resources, yet many of its people are poor. Why is that?
In its history, Iran has been attacked by its neighbors many times.
Also, Iran has suffered under several dictatorships.
The most recent dictator was the Shah. Unfortunately, he was supported by the U.S. and by oil companies.
You can understand why Iranians were angry at the U.S. and the C.I.A.
6.
During the Cultural Revolution, I was forced to labor in the countryside.
That was very difficult for you. You had two sons, aged four and two years old. 
I was allowed to visit them only once a month. Of course, I was worried about them.
After that, you moved to Hong Kong. You waited three and a half years for a visa from the U.S.
Yes. Living in the U.S. wasn’t easy at first. My husband didn’t get as good a job as he wanted.
Now, your two sons are grown up. They’re both computer scientists, and they’re doing very well.
Even though I am getting older, my life is much happier now.
7.
When I became a grandmother, it was the best day of my life.
Your grandson was the biggest baby in the nursery.
While he was growing up, he did something new every day that amazed us.
He is very amazing. At three years old, he is very intelligent, and he speaks clearly.
When I take him to the park to play, I feel like a young girl again.
He’s a big, handsome boy with lots of charisma.
8.
Chinese people aren’t used to eating hamburgers.
They don’t like to freeze meat, do they?
They don’t think frozen meat can be cooked into delicious food.
Besides, they can go to the market and buy fresh meat all the time. 